yes you play this game called pick up
cats sounds like kind of freaking me
Elijah's kind of game I'm back to like
this honest game played by another
youtuber call them
I am Jay Lou thanks for you they look so
horrified what the fuck am i doing okay
I'm going to choose my god oh my god
gosh of glad you don't have to do any
fucking advertisement anymore you are so
freaking famous even my great-great
granddad or played up freakin gay what
the fuck fuck a level 1 Pico 4s the
sound is hilarious and the gameplay is
sisal I don't have an idea oh my god so
I'm just probably just like a Pokemon
yeah not your actions in order you want
to perform one two or three I'm the
special attack okay he is uh I can see
some grass type monster so I'm going to
use fire small sword and super
electromagnetic smooth sword okay is
that a combo or thing yes first fire oh
it was a combo
500 attack okay that was awesome okay so
first up will be fire again I'm gonna
turn to use of defense and this one okay
yes it's blue a special attack very good
fit you defend that purchase okay now
it's a good idea because I use my
defense I get another purchase another
defense and this one okay very special
piece of shit freakin a chart with
master GT h g th i'm gonna tease my
defense pass and the fire and then this
or that it's a big sword so Mike I only
got one HP left no we've been billet
let's continue this battle not give up
not gonna give up without a fight
this game is so cute okay what is this
oh we just captured this freaking
adorable awesome bed okay bus is
approaching and he got like a defeat the
bus to LA Kiss's pieces and other levels
okay so here's a flag maps I'm gonna use
a fire attack fast and there's two
freakin storage right here
yes as you can see five so affected to
him because he is a plant-type monster
is that a bust
is that okay boss defeated my boo
supper dinner spirit anger levels we go
to the level - I'm gonna use this one
I cannot ah this is just my risk and
lock the other oh my god there's a big
trouble here I got a he shell is gonna
hi guys
got a 13 hearts the first shot yes yes
yes old oh my god I was arrow yes I was
the timing that I'm talking about two
years ago bitch
yeah that's what I'm talking about
oops George I know that was oh my god
your dad
Ronde no give me all those freaking
hearts oh my god what the hell the guy
just pressed back here comes the boss or
whatever yeah 50 we sell 15 hearts we
only got drum hard stuff but um our
track is so effective as you can see
guys I'm gonna finish this game boom
good job your time thank you so much for
watching if you like to see I just hate
that fucking white button if you don't
like the game it's up to you
walks oh my god Blake McNair was the bus
I can I need to kill this bus bus before
we go oh my god already attack it's not
a defective just like a while ago
oh and it's a gig kill this boss before
I go oh my god but I'm about to die here
guys we're about to die I only got six
hearts left
oh but he uses a defense
yes oh my god they still win the game
haha thank you so much for watching what
who doesn't forget subscribe to my
channel see my boos shutout